Pablo Arriagada
Data Scientist

Pablo joined in 2022 to expand the OWID database on data related to poverty, inequality, and economic development. Before this, he was a consultant in data analysis, data visualization, and data science for academic and journalistic research in Chile, and previously worked in institutional data analysis for higher education. He has an MPA in Public and Economic Policy from the London School of Economics.

pablo.arriagada@ourworldindata.org / @parriagadap
Daniel square
Daniel Bachler
Principal Software Engineer

Daniel joined us in 2021. Previously he worked on scientific data management and visualization solutions in the life sciences. He studied film directing and now focuses on applying both his engineering and creative background on improving our visualization tools.

daniel.bachler@ourworldindata.org / @danyx23
Matthieu bergel
Matthieu Bergel
Senior Software Engineer

Matthieu joined in 2019 and has the overall mission of providing readers with a flowing experience between data and research throughout the publication. Drawing on his consulting experience from communication agencies in Paris, he is now building the next iteration of our content management system.

matthieu@ourworldindata.org
Marwa
Marwa Boukarim
Lead Visual Designer

Marwa joined us in 2022 as a freelance UX/UI designer. She is helping refine, define and document a consistent design system for the OWID website. Previously, she worked on designing end-to-end digital experiences for clients in the public sector, telco, and entertainment industries at Frog Milan.

marwa@ourworldindata.org / https://www.marwaboukarim.com
Saloni
Dr. Saloni Dattani
Researcher

Saloni joined us as a researcher in 2021. She has a Ph.D. in psychiatric genetics from the University of Hong Kong and King’s College London. She is working with us as a researcher on health-related topics, including mental health.

saloni@ourworldindata.org / @salonium
Antoinette team page
Antoinette Finnegan
HR Manager

Antoinette joined us in 2023 as our Human Resources (HR) Manager. She most recently worked in HR for a biotech spinout, and also has experience in fundraising and marketing.

antoinette@ourworldindata.org
Marcel
Marcel Gerber
Full Stack Engineer

Marcel joined us in 2020. He is helping us build and improve our data visualization tools and the website as a whole. Marcel holds a master’s degree in computer science from RWTH Aachen University.

marcel [at] ourworldindata [dot] org / @MarcelGerber9
Charliegiattino
Dr. Charlie Giattino
Research & operations specialist

Charlie joined us in 2020. His research has touched on a number of topics, including technology and health. He completed his Ph.D. in cognitive neuroscience at Duke University.

charlie@ourworldindata.org / @charliegiattino
Joe
Joe Hasell
Head of Product and Design

Joe joined us in 2017. He works across teams to develop tools and layouts that make research and data more accessible and understandable. He also contributes as a researcher, where his work focuses on global trends in poverty and economic inequality. He is currently working towards a Ph.D. at the University of Oxford.

joe@ourworldindata.org / @JoeHasell
Bastian herre
Dr. Bastian Herre
Researcher

Bastian joined us in 2021 to improve and expand our data and research on democracy and conflict. Bastian has a Ph.D. in Political Science from the University of Chicago and an MA in Political Science and Economics from Heidelberg University.

bastian@ourworldindata.org / @bbherre / bastianherre.com
Bobbie
Dr. Bobbie Macdonald
Senior Data Scientist (Part-time)

Bobbie joined us in 2020 to contribute to our data management team. In 2023, he joined the Product and Design team, working on Analytics. He has a Ph.D. in political science from Stanford University and an MSc in international development from the London School of Economics.

bobbie@ourworldindata.org / @bnjmacdonald
Porto edouard 2023
Edouard Mathieu
Head of Data and Research

Edouard joined us in 2020 as our Head of Data, before becoming Head of Data and Research in 2023. He manages the team of data scientists and researchers who produce our articles and data visualizations. He previously worked as a data scientist at the University of Oxford, in the Population Health and Primary Care Health Sciences departments. He holds a master’s degree from Sciences Po Paris.

edouard@ourworldindata.org
Sophia mersmann foto square
Sophia Mersmann
Senior Data Visualization Engineer

Sophia joined us in 2023 to focus on our in-house visualization library, Grapher. Previously, she worked as Data Visualization Engineer in the newsroom as part of a data journalism team at rbb|24 in Berlin. Sophia lives in Frankfurt.

sophia@ourworldindata.org / @sophiamersmann
Matt munday headshot square
Matt Munday
Communications and Outreach Strategy Lead

Matt joined us in 2024 to enhance the visibility and reach of our research and our data. He has an extensive communications background, including roles at LSE, the Royal Institute of British Architects, and the BBC.

matt.munday@ourworldindata.org
Este
Dr. Esteban Ortiz-Ospina
Executive Co-Director

Esteban is the Executive Co-Director of Our World in Data alongside Max Roser. In tandem, they lead Global Change Data Lab, the non-profit organization responsible for publishing Our World in Data. Esteban is also an Honorary Researcher at the Oxford Martin Programme on Global Development, where his research and writing cover topics including economic development, public sector analysis, education, and a wide range of related issues. He completed his doctoral studies at the University of Oxford (DPhil Economics).

esteban@ourworldindata.org / @eortizospina / Mastodon
Martin racak
Martin Račák
Senior Full Stack Engineer

Martin joined in 2024 to focus on improving our site and content management system. He studied computer science and previously worked in forecasting, telecommunications, and built websites for various clients.

martin@ourworldindata.org
Untitled design
Natalie Reynolds-Garcia
Operations and Administration Officer

Natalie joined us in 2022 as Operations and Administration Officer. Her background is in research administration and education, having taught Spanish, French and English. She was previously the administrator for the Rees Centre at the University at Oxford.

natalie@ourworldindata.org
Hannah ritchie e1540908190161
Dr. Hannah Ritchie
Deputy Editor and Science Outreach Lead

Hannah joined us in 2017. She became Deputy Editor and Science Outreach Lead at Our World In Data in 2023. She was previously Head of Research. She focuses on the long-term development of food supply, agriculture, energy, and environment, and their compatibility with global development. Hannah completed her Ph.D. in GeoSciences at the University of Edinburgh.

hannah@ourworldindata.org / @_HannahRitchie
Lucas 0001 k3a0183 2
Lucas Rodés-Guirao
Senior Data Scientist

Lucas joined us in 2021. He previously worked as a Deep Learning Researcher at the National Institute of Informatics (Tokyo, Japan) and as a Data Scientist for the private sector. He studied an M.Sc. in Electrical Engineering at UPC (Barcelona, Spain) and KTH (Stockholm, Sweden).

lucas@ourworldindata.org / lcsrg.me
Valerie headshot e1656491769502
Valerie Rogers Muigai
Operations and Finance Manager

Valerie joined us in 2021 as Operations and Finance Manager. She has over a decade of experience in international development and social enterprise in East Africa and is the founder of Kijani Uganda. She has an MBA from Oxford Saïd Business School.

valerie@ourworldindata.org
Pablorosado
Dr. Pablo Rosado
Principal Data Scientist

Pablo joined in 2022. He has a Ph.D. in Astrophysics and Data Analysis from the Max Planck Society in Germany. After doing postdoctoral research in Australia, he started working in Data Science for the private sector. He has been a technical mentor for Data Science for Social Good and has worked in finance and renewable energy companies, as well as the intellectual property office of the European Union.

pablo@ourworldindata.org / pablorosado.com
Max roser
Professor Max Roser
Founder and Executive Co-Director

Max is the founder of Our World in Data and began working on this free online publication in 2011. Today, he serves as the publication’s editor and leads the team as its co-director. He is the Professor of Practice in Global Data Analytics at the University of Oxford’s Blavatnik School of Government, the Programme Director of the Oxford Martin Programme on Global Development, and Executive Co-Director of Global Change Data Lab, the non-profit organization that publishes Our World in Data.

Twitter: @MaxCRoser / Site: MaxRoser.com
Screenshot 2023 05 09 at 9.12.51 pm
Dr. Veronika Samborska
Data Scientist

Veronika joined us in 2023. She recently finished her Ph.D. in Computational Neuroscience at the University of Oxford, and previously worked in the Data Journalism team at the Financial Times.

veronika@ourworldindata.org
Ike saunders headshot
Ike Saunders
Full Stack Engineer

Ike joined us in 2022. He’s a web developer originally from Aotearoa New Zealand, now based in Montreal, and if he’s not tinkering with our website’s codebase, he’s probably drumming or watering his plants.

Ike@ourworldindata.org
Fiona pic e1622645364561
Dr. Fiona Spooner
Senior Data Scientist

Fiona joined us in 2021. She was previously a Turing postdoctoral fellow at the University of Exeter working on tracking the Sustainable Development Goals and modeling the Covid-19 pandemic. She has a Ph.D. in Ecology and Environment from UCL (London, UK) and an MSc in Conservation Science from Imperial College (London, UK).

fiona@ourworldindata.org / @f_spooner
Mojmir
Mojmir Vinkler
Data Engineer

Mojmir joined us in 2022 as a data engineer. He studied statistics and computer science, which he applied to various machine learning projects in healthcare, fintech, and travel. Now he’s trying to improve our data infrastructure to improve the lives of our data analysts.

mojmir@ourworldindata.org
Lars
Dr. Lars Yencken
Head of Engineering

Lars joined us in 2021 to lead our engineering team and help us evolve our data visualization and our overall site. He previously led tech and data teams in consumer health at Grace Health and Lifesum in Stockholm and holds a Ph.D. in Computational Linguistics from the University of Melbourne.

lars@ourworldindata.org / @larsyencken